wiki/points.md, before:

> [Wiki](Home) » [[Internal Components]] » [[Objects]] » [[Meshes]] » **points**

# points

Creates a [THREE.Points](http://threejs.org/docs/#Reference/Objects/Points)

This object can contain [[Materials]] and [[Geometries]].

## Attributes
### name
``` string ```: Name for the 3D Object.

### position
``` THREE.Vector3 ```: The position of the 3D object relative to the parent.

### rotation
``` THREE.Euler ```: The rotation of the 3D object relative to the parent, in euler form.

### quaternion
``` THREE.Quaternion ```: The rotation of the 3D object relative to the parent, in quaternion form.

### scale
``` THREE.Vector3 ```: The scale of the 3D object relative to the parent.

### lookAt
``` THREE.Vector3 ```: The target position for the 3D object to look at.

This calls [THREE.Object3D#lookAt](http://threejs.org/docs/#Reference/Core/Object3D.lookAt) every time the value changes or the position of the object changes.

### frustumCulled
``` bool ```: Whether the 3D object will be culled by the camera frustum or not.

### visible
``` bool ```: Whether the 3D object will be visible or not.

### renderOrder
``` number ```: The render order override for the 3D object.

### castShadow
``` bool ```: Whether the 3D object will cast shadows or not.

### receiveShadow
``` bool ```: Whether the 3D object will receive shadows or not.
> **WARNING**: This will trigger a refresh for any materials the object is using.

> **WARNING**: If you use the same material for multiple objects and some of them receive shadows and some do not, it may cause adverse side effects. In that case, it is recommended to use different materials.

===

|**[View Source](../blob/master/src/lib/descriptors/Object/PointsDescriptor.js)**|
 ---|

Commit message:

[docs] Add notes for default values for attributes - Reorder some properties in the `<react3/>` and `<boxGeometry/>` documentation to make more sense - Clarify documentation for `lookAt` property for `<object3D/>` and its subclasses - Add missing default properties for some components - Whitespace fixes

wiki/points.md, after:

> [Wiki](Home) » [[Internal Components]] » [[Objects]] » [[Meshes]] » **points**

# points

Creates a [THREE.Points](http://threejs.org/docs/#Reference/Objects/Points)

This object can contain [[Materials]] and [[Geometries]].

## Attributes

### name
``` string ```: Name for the 3D Object.

**Default**: `''`

### position
``` THREE.Vector3 ```: The position of the 3D object relative to the parent.

**Default**: `new THREE.Vector3()`

### rotation
``` THREE.Euler ```: The rotation of the 3D object relative to the parent, in euler form.

**Default**: `new THREE.Euler()`

### quaternion
``` THREE.Quaternion ```: The rotation of the 3D object relative to the parent, in quaternion form.

**Default**: `new THREE.Quaternion()`

### scale
``` THREE.Vector3 ```: The scale of the 3D object relative to the parent.

**Default**: `new THREE.Vector3(1, 1, 1)`

### lookAt
``` THREE.Vector3 ```: The target position for the 3D object to look at.

If this property is set, [`THREE.Object3D#lookAt`](http://threejs.org/docs/#Reference/Core/Object3D.lookAt) will be called every time the value changes or the position of the object changes.

### frustumCulled
``` bool ```: Whether the 3D object will be culled by the camera frustum or not.

**Default**: `true`

### visible
``` bool ```: Whether the 3D object will be visible or not.

**Default**: `true`

### renderOrder
``` number ```: The render order override for the 3D object.

### castShadow
``` bool ```: Whether the 3D object will cast shadows or not.

**Default**: `false`

### receiveShadow
``` bool ```: Whether the 3D object will receive shadows or not.
> **WARNING**: This will trigger a refresh for any materials the object is using.

> **WARNING**: If you use the same material for multiple objects and some of them receive shadows and some do not, it may cause adverse side effects. In that case, it is recommended to use different materials.

**Default**: `false`

===

|**[View Source](../blob/master/src/lib/descriptors/Object/PointsDescriptor.js)**|
 ---|
